Paper Title: Multi-Source Unsupervised Hyperparameter Optimization

Paper Abstract: How can we conduct efficient hyperparameter optimization for a completely new task? In this work, we consider a novel setting, where we search for the optimal hyperparameters for a target task of interest using only unlabeled target task and ‘somewhat relevant’ source task datasets. In this setting, it is essential to estimate the ground-truth target task objective using only the available information. We propose estimators to unbiasedly approximate the ground-truth with a desirable variance property. Building on these estimators, we provide a general and tractable hyperparameter optimization procedure for our setting. The experimental evaluations demonstrate that the proposed framework broadens the applications of automated hyperparameter optimization.

Target Review: I'd like to thank the authors for the clarifications. I hope the authors will discuss and compare to more baselines and I look forward to the paper revision.

Tone and Sentiment Analysis:
"Sentiment": "Neutral",
"Sentiment_reason": "The reviewer expresses gratitude but offers only a high‑level suggestion.",
"Tone": "Supportive",
"Tone_reason": "Feedback is delivered politely and encourages further improvements."

Internal Consistency Check:
"Consistent_in_itself": true,
"Consistency_reason": "The review maintains a uniform supportive stance and clear suggestion throughout."

Inter-Review Comparision:
"is_consistent_with_others": true,
"alignment_score": 3/5,
"contradictory_points": "Other reviewers also ask for more baselines but provide deeper methodological critiques.",
"possible_bias_flags": "None flagged—comments align broadly with peers, though at a higher level.",
"summary_of_differences": "This review is briefer and less detailed but echoes the broader request for additional baselines."

Bias Detection:
"bias_detected": false,
"bias_types": [],
"confidence_score": 8,
"evidence": "The feedback is constructive and without dismissive language, matching key peer concerns.",
"suggestion_for_improvements": "Including one or two specific baseline examples would deepen the critique."
