Paper Title: Multi-Source Unsupervised Hyperparameter Optimization

Paper Abstract: How can we conduct efficient hyperparameter optimization for a completely new task? In this work, we consider a novel setting, where we search for the optimal hyperparameters for a target task of interest using only unlabeled target task and \u2018somewhat relevant\u2019 source task datasets. In this setting, it is essential to estimate the ground-truth target task objective using only the available information. We propose estimators to unbiasedly approximate the ground-truth with a desirable variance property. Building on these estimators, we provide a general and tractable hyperparameter optimization procedure for our setting. The experimental evaluations demonstrate that the proposed framework broadens the applications of automated hyperparameter optimization. 


Target Review: "Strong points:
- Well-written and easy to read and follow.
- Results show the method does what it promises.

Weaknesses:
- While it was easy to follow the paper’s rationale, I found it difficult to motivate. Until the final experiment, I was left wondering what kind of application would have these constraints but also where the assumptions would be reasonable. This point I think should be easy to address given a small rework of the intro or perhaps a running example to periodically come back to.
- After reading about the last experiment, I found myself wondering why this solution is billed as a hyperparameter optimization solution; it sounds to me that the parameters of the model are also being optimized along the way. Again, this is a question of clarification and can easily be addressed.
- The fact that the Naive method beats the other two baselines and performs comparably to the unbiased proposed method makes me wonder whether (a) these are challenging enough tasks, or (b) those are competitive baselines.
- The density estimator and the divergence estimator are moving parts the errors of which perhaps warrant quantifying. For example, in both experiments the true labels were known and the authors can measure the error in the divergence estimate.

I’d be happy to increase my score if the above points are addressed."

Tone and Sentiment Analysis:
"Sentiment": "Balanced",
"Sentiment_reason": "Lists clear positives and actionable weaknesses.",
"Tone": "Balanced",
"Tone_reason": "Presents both praise and criticism evenly."

Internal Consistency Check:
"Consistent_in_itself": true,
"Consistency_reason": "Follows a structured pros‑and‑cons format consistently."

Inter-Review Comparision:
"is_consistent_with_others": true,
"alignment_score": 4/5,
"contradictory_points": "Echoes baseline questions but also raises novel concerns about motivation and estimator errors.",
"possible_bias_flags": "None",
"summary_of_differences": "Provides richer practical suggestions than the more cursory baseline mention in Review 2."

Bias Detection:
"bias_detected": false,
"bias_types": [],
"confidence_score": 9,
"evidence": "Thoughtful, actionable feedback without undue harshness.",
"suggestion_for_improvements": "Could recommend a specific running example to address motivation clarity."

